Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 14]
[Min Yi Bok - Not Read
Ji Hong Ah - Not Read]
Aren't you going to eat, Hyun Soo?
You're the only person who read
the script for episode 9.
I saw the location
where they're shooting today
and it is not where you set episode 8.
It's because it's always somewhere else
that it doesn't seem realistic.
They're all so busy
with the shoot
that's probably why they didn't have
time to read the next episode.
Let's eat something delicious
and get our spirits up.
I made the reservation.
You pay, Soo Hyun.
It's kind of an expensive place.
You always know how to
make me feel better.
Hello.
Yes, hello.
Allow me to escort you to your seat.
Have you been here before, Hyun Soo?
How did you think of
making a reservation here?
Because it seemed to me
that you wanted to come here.
You asked me about
Chef Ohn Jung Seon last time.
I love you to the stars
and back, Kyung.
Really?
Is the sea bream okay today, Ha Sung?
Yes, Chef!
Make sure you get the temperature right.
Yes, Chef.
Table four, two lunch courses.
We'll be serving them their
amuse-bouche soon
so put the fish in early!
- Yes, Sir!
Excuse me, Chef.
The order that just came in is
for Writer Lee Hyun Soo's table.
Isn't it really delicious?
It's a good thing I brought you here.
You look so happy while you're eating.
I'm just living in the moment.
Because I don't know when I'll be
happy again when this moment passes.
Hearing that makes me too sad.
It sounds as if misfortune will
strike again almost immediately.
Did you enjoy your meal?
Oh.
How did you know I was here?
Oh... you're close with him, aren't you?
Seeing as how you're using informal
speech with each other.
Yeah. This is mu junior,
whom I love.
Oh, Hyun Soo!
Why are you getting up?
I'm going to go.
You won't need to work
on your script, so just go home.
Your place is close by.
I'll go to the studio
and monitor the situation
and I'll call you if anything changes.
Goodbye.
Why... is she being like that?
I think she's telling you to
stay here longer.
You've never been to my place, right?
You can't sit still because
you're so curious, huh?
How'd you know?
Wow, this smells great.
It's Blue Mountain coffee.
Not even you can afford it,
since it's too expensive.
I received this as a gift.
All right, my ears are open now.
If you're wondering whether you should
tell me or not, just tell me.
I heard from Hong Ah...
about you and her.
Tell me exactly what you heard, so
there's no room for misunderstanding.
How are you so resolute
and stoic all the time?
I've rarely seen you
lose your cool.
You're so sure of your goals and
you don't care about what others think.
I really envy you.
I have nobody to catch me
if I stumble and fall.
I don't have the luxury to stumble.
So there's no need for you
to be envious of me.
I feel like Hong Ah and I
are fighting over a guy
and it makes me uncomfortable.
Give up on me, then.
If you like me so little that you can
give up on me, then just give up now.
I loathe causing any emotional
distress in anyone.
I never once caused you
emotional distress while we dated.
So, Ms. Lee Hyun Soo, who says,
"humans are insignificant."
Ms. Lee Hyun Soo, who pushes away the
man who loves her, because of reality.
What reason can you give
me for us to start over?
I'm sorry.
I'm scared.
There's no reason that a woman who
dumped me once
couldn't dump me again.
Reality is always harsh.
I thought about only you.
Love is something that two people share,
but I thought only about myself.
I treated it too lightly.
I'll think about it.
Congratulations.
I said I'd come to you,
so why did you come here?
I don't have a single moment
to waste by sitting down.
I want to hurry up and leave.
I want to hurry up and see my
dreams become reality.
Well, if you've been chosen as
a winner for HNC's open call
you'll be contracted to work with
HNC for five years.
It'll be difficult for us to collaborate
with you on this project.
Why do you think I chose your production
company among the many out there?
All right, let's give this
some consideration.
Have you read my script yet?
It was a nice, easy read,
which was nice.
Things like birth secrets and conflicts
between the rich and poor never get old.
That's what I was going for.
Most of the characters in there are
based on the people I know.
It'll be more realistic
than other TV shows.
Let's think about whether we should
sign a contract or not.
If we do sign a contract,
what I want
is for you to pay me more than Hyun Soo,
even by just 10 won.
That will be difficult.
It's because of your
personal feelings, right?
- It's because you like her...
- Ms. Ji Hong Ah.
Writer Ji Hong Ah.
There are some rules you need to follow
if you want to work with me.
First, you must mind your manners.
Writer Lee started as a
winner for an open call
and then got great reviews on the
show she wrote after that.
You're nowhere near that level yet.
Hyun Soo wrote a one-act.
But I won with an episodic script.
Writing a TV show isn't about the words.
They're judged by whether or not
they make it on the air.
Yes, CEO Park?
What are you up to?
Um... thinking.
Thinking?
As if.
Come out. Thinking too much at a time
like this will only make your head hurt.
It's better to take a walk.
It's not here.
It headed back inside after
doing what it needed to do.
It's not dead?
Flowers bloom according
to the season, you know.
Its season passed, so it'll
rest and come back out again.
I didn't know you had a side
like this, CEO Park.
What kind of side?
Being warm?
Being shy?
Why did you start thinking that?
Someone threw a bomb at me again.
You wanted me to be prepared
before I was hit
and you wanted to
show me how to be strong
and make sure I knew that life goes on,
or something like that, right?
Something like that.
Ms. Hong Ah came to see me
not too long ago, with her work.
And I met with her today, too.
What did she say?
She wanted to sign a contract with me.
Are you going to do it?
I'm on the fence about it.
Half of me really likes the
script because it's good.
But another half of me feels like
her personality is too much.
What does her personality matter?
It's not like you'll be living with her.
Why, are you going to live with her?
No.
Then just do as you always do.
Wow, the sky is so beautiful.
It's been a while since I've gotten
such a nice look at the sky.
The sky really is pretty.
I have something I want to ask you.
Is it okay if I ask?
You've never asked me if you
could ask something before you did.
I change my mind a lot...
and don't take things
very seriously, right?
Who said that?
Just someone.
Someone said that.
You're saying all sorts of crazy things
just because things aren't working out.
That person has the
wrong idea about you.
The problem with you is that
you think too much.
Especially about love.
You can just go where
your heart takes you.
How much longer are you going to be alone
clinging to unsubstantial emotions?
Stop that already.
Stop keeping that man in your heart
if you can't have him.
You're realistic, and yet you're not
when it comes to love.
Right now, your reality is me.
This view is always so amazing,
no matter when I see it.
I hope that we can recoup our
losses for just this month.
"A Star's Life Menu" needs to be a hit.
We'll appeal to the masses with your
face first, before your food.
What's so great about my face?
You're handsome.
And you're miserly.
That is charming to the ladies, too.
What do you mean,
I'm miserly?
You're stingy when it comes to
showing affection to women.
It's because I've been burned
too many times.
By people who have really severe
emotional ups and downs.
It's difficult.
But still, weren't you too
mean to Hong Ah?
I mean, she's a girl, and she really...
and she's no ordinary girl.
And she's prettier than
the average pretty girl.
So if a girl like that comes at you, you
should at least glance her way once.
Why would I, when
I can't take responsibility?
You really are strange.
How could you say such things to me,
when you like Hong Ah?
I don't like her.
I love her.
I'm waiting for her.
To be honest, a part of me was hoping
that you'd be really cruel to her.
But when I see her now,
I feel bad for her.
I'm reminded of my mom
all of the sudden.
I think men and women are
such interesting creatures.
If Hong Ah were a man, I would've ended
things already by beating her up.
I really hope that things
work out for both of us.
I hope "A Star's Life Menu"
becomes popular!
Become successful!
Have you made your decision?
I want to apologize.
You... want to apologize?
- To Chef Ohn Jung Seon.
- I see.
- To be honest, at first...
- Yes?
I thought you only got on the show
because you're a pretty face, like me.
You're just bursting with charisma
until the very end!
["A Star's Life Menu"
Lee Deul Rae episode]
[- Super flexible, and handsome!
- Where have you been, Chef Ohn?]
[Top searches on the net:
1. Ohn Jung Seon]
[- So jealous of Lee Deul Rae
- Let's go to his restaurant tomorrow]
The most searched name is Ohn Jung Seon,
and the second is Chef Ohn!
Wow!
The number one search result
right now is Ohn Jung Seon!
"Is his face real?"
"Where's his restaurant?
I want to go visit!"
"Wow, the muscles moving around on
Chef Ohn's arm are super sexy!"
Super sexy, super sexy!
Let's make Chef Ohn
the most searched term!
They said they want to come
to our restaurant!
I really want them to come!
This is amazing.
Chef Ohn, you're a star!
False hopes are forbidden!
Even so, tomorrow may be
different than yesterday!
Let's go! Yeah!
Let's get ready for what
the future may have in store!
- Let's get ready!
I want to watch "Foul Detective" now.
- Get out.
- Here?
Are you planning to die with me, then?
Ugh, how boring.
I'm sure the ratings will have
dropped like crazy by tomorrow.
Why do they keep having
explosions, fires, and fights?
They threw out pretty much
all of what I wrote.
They had writers who were
working on this beforehand, Hyun Soo.
You'll get through this.
You're still the one being credited with
the writing. Who'll know?
I will.
It might as well be everyone.
Where are you going?
I need to go see for myself.
I can't just make judgment calls
based off assumptions.
Oh, Writer Lee.
We edited tomorrow's episode.
I didn't even have the chance to go home
because we finished the shoot so late.
I saw the episode.
Yi Bok was working on this with other
writers, not just Writer Park.
It would've been nice if someone
had told me about that beforehand.
Just think about this realistically.
Just deal with it!
The writing is being
credited to you, anyway.
You'll be a writer who has
a mini-series that was on the air!
It'll be easier for you
next time around.
Even up until the point that
I quit working at the company...
I thought that I'd become
a writer immediately.
I like Yeouido.
I told myself that I'd dance
in Yeouido Park
if I was chosen as a winner
of the open call.
Get lots of rest.
You're dishonest.
You pretend that you're kind, care
for others, and that you work hard.
But I've never met someone as
wicked as you in my 10 years as a writer.
You want to become a writer, huh?
Yeah, you'll probably make it.
Usually, the nasty bitches like you
are the ones that make it in this field!
And Writer Lee is no ordinary person.
You know too, since
you've seen it for yourself!
She looks so gentle and smiles a lot,
so I thought she was a kind person.
- They got new writers.
- They've been using other writers.
Ms. Lee Hyun Soo, who always changes her
mind, saying humans are insignificant.
Ms. Lee Hyun Soo, who pushes away the
man who loves her because of reality.
CEO Park.
The episode that aired today wasn't
based on Hyun Soo's script.
The ratings are higher than
they were last week.
Things will probably get
difficult for Writer Lee.
Do you think she'll be fired?
No.
It's Writer Lee's story,
so how could they fire her?
They'll leave her name on there, but
the ghostwriter will keep writing.
That's a relief!
I was so scared that she'd be fired
since so many crazy things are happening.
I came to ask you to stop that from
happening, just in case.
Geez!
Ugh, I'm so tired!
Ugh, I'm so worn out!
Hey, hey, move it!
Ugh.
I hate all of the people
from the broadcasting company!
Why are you being like that?
I'll get going now, CEO Park.
Did you not hear me,
Ms. Kyung?
Excuse me!
Ms. Kyung!
Hey!
Who's writing the script now?
There's a team of three
people writing it.
They won't be able to fire Hyun Soo
if she doesn't quit herself.
So tell her to just hang in there.
And that this contempt will
surely bring her glory later.
What good will it do her to get glory
if she's broken inside?
Are you going to stay here?
Are you going somewhere?
There's someone I need to meet up with.
Congrats. People loved you.
Ugh.
I'm sure you're still giddy about it.
Chef Ohn Jung Seon.
I don't know if I deserve to be
congratulated for this.
It is something to be
congratulated for.
They're all enamored by you,
even though they don't even know you.
- You think so?
- Yeah.
You're now loved by everyone
without even trying.
It's all thanks to you.
It's definitely worth celebrating.
And it had nothing to do with luck.
Did you come here this late at night
to congratulate me?
Well, that, too.
But I had a favor to ask of you.
What is it?
I want to propose to someone.
When?
And, to whom?
I usually make the really
important decisions by myself.
Wow, this woman who is really
important to you must be happy.
Do you really think so?
Yeah. You really are a
man among men.
I want to do it at Good Soup.
Go ahead. I'll make it
super fancy for you.
Thanks.
- You're curious, right?
- Yeah.
Were you sleeping?
Yeah.
What's going on?
Why are all of you here?
Bo Ra!
I heard there was an article
about you, Aunt!
Bo Ra!
Stop it, Mom.
You'll scare her.
Oh, you're so good at talking, Bo Ra!
She talks at a level that is way above
an average four-year-old's.
Right?
Yeah.
She takes after her aunt.
Hyun Soo was just like that.
Yeah, Hyun Soo has been really clever
ever since she was young.
If I heard you all say this before I got
married, I would've thrown a fit.
I really like my brother-in-law
and have a lot of love for him
but the one thing I always want to ask
is, why would he marry Hyun Yi?
- Big Sis.
- Just look.
Back then, she would've
kicked me for that.
What was the article about?
I heard that you wrote the show
with someone else.
Yeah.
Hyun Yi is really good
at this kind of thing.
Saying the things that are
difficult to say.
You didn't know?
No, I did, but it still hurts.
It still hurts.
But you got a show you wrote on the air!
You're doing so much better than before.
Let's eat this, Mom.
We have to feed her.
If we do, she'll feel better.
Right, Bo Ra?
Oh, you're such a cutie.
Yes. I understand.
One reservation for two guests on Sunday,
October 14th, at 7 p.m. has been made.
- Make some fillets!
- All right!
Yes, this is Good Soup.
- All done!
- Cool it down!
We're short on fillets.
We need to make more.
We're packed for lunch, too.
Yes, Chef.
- Two steaks for table 10.
- Yes, Chef.
Wow.
My blood sugar is so low that
I taste sweetness in my mouth.
- Mm.
- Wow.
You guys are so energetic.
I guess the differences between us
are getting clearer now.
You guessed it yourself, Sous Chef!
Stop that, already.
You always have to confirm
people's beliefs.
Hey, you're even worse!
You said all of our dinner reservations
are booked, right?
Yes. We're almost fully booked
for this entire week, too.
- Wow!
Chef.
We can't just let
this historical day pass us by!
Nope!
Let's sweat it out later
and celebrate.
Sound good?
- Sounds great!
[DF Ver] E14 Temperature of Love "Then Give Up on Me"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Endure it.
Yeah, endure it.
Oh, how cute.
- Should I endure it?
- Endure it!
- You need to say it, too.
- Hm?
Um, yeah.
Do as you please.
What is it that you want to say?
I'll quit.
I'll withdraw from the production
of "Foul Detective."
Why are you being like this,
Writer Lee?
I told you to think realistically! You
only need to endure it for a short while!
I can't.
I have no idea why I should endure.
I'm sorry.
You were so kind to me, Chief Producer.
But I give up.
You'll regret it!
If you want to survive in this industry
and be a part of it, listen to me!
Thank you.
I hate emotionally
upsetting other people.
Why should I be the only person
who gives you a guarantee?
I'm scared.
There's nothing stopping a woman
who dumped me once...
from dumping me again.
[Ohn Jung Seon]
- Whoa!
- Hey!
- Go, go!
Yeah!
[Lee Hyun Soo]
[CEO Park Jung Woo]
Yes, CEO Park?
Looks like you caused trouble again,
Writer Lee Hyun Soo.
I got a call from
Chief Producer Yoo Hong Jin.
Are you really going to be like this?
Come to the office!
If you have something you
want to say, then say it.
Hurry up and scold me.
I want to leave.
Why do you think that
I'm going to scold you?
Because I couldn't endure.
I never told you to endure, though.
You rejected all of my
goodwill toward you.
You said that you'd do it yourself.
You made me do something
that I couldn't handle.
Do you know how difficult it is...
to say that you can't
endure something?
Everyone else told me
to hang in there.
But that isn't the work
that I wrote.
That's not what I wanted to say.
But they said that everything will be
solved if I just endured this.
How does that make any sense?
I endured this because I wanted
my work to be on TV.
Director Min...
sent me multiple signs indicating
that he had different thoughts.
But I ignored it, because
I wanted to like him.
"Writer: Lee Hyun Soo."
If my name was credited on the
project like that...
my parents would be happy, and those
around me would see me in a new light.
I threw away the innocent thought of
wanting to tell my story while I held on.
I felt that, if I endured this...
I thought it'd be difficult to return to
being to the person I truly want to be.
Was that so wrong of me?
Oh, I told myself I wasn't going to cry.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Temperature of Love]
We've gotten some good conditions
from our negotiation.
You know a lot about "Foul Detective."
Are you asking me to join
the team of writers?
Let's go on a trip.
I came to be a pack mule.
- You have the day off!
- Chef, you're the best!
Let's meet up with Hyun Soo tomorrow.
Fate, disguised as coincidence.
Where do you want to go first?
How did you think of
coming here with me?
Be careful.
Don't get lost.
You can't get lost here!
I thought you said that
you weren't getting lost anymore!
I love you.
I'm in love with you.
[Tomorrow night at 10 p.m…]
[Temperature of Love]